

Shutting down the client.

There are two options for stopping the client.

1)  The kill signal - For System shutdown events
2)  Updating the file "jobcenter_run_control.txt" in the root directory of the client.
         (The file "jobcenter_run_control.txt" is created/re-created when the client starts up)

Details:

1)  Kill signal ( ctrl-c in Windows, "kill" command in linux )

    The client has been programmed to respond to the kill signal primarily to support system shutdown events.
    In this situation, the system will only allow a certain amount of time for the application to exit
    before it is terminated.

    The client utilizes the Java registration of shutdown hook:	    Runtime.getRuntime().addShutdownHook( xxxxxxxxx );

    The client will call "shutdown()" on all modules actively processing jobs.
    The client will then wait for all modules actively processing jobs to return from the "processRequest(...)" method before exiting.
    There is a possibility that the client will be terminated by the operating system before the modules return.
    If that happens, the job will be left in the state of "Running".


2)  Updating the file "jobcenter_run_control.txt" in the root directory of the client.

    If it is desired to have the client stop processing when all the jobs currently being processed are complete,
    use the file "jobcenter_run_control.txt".
    Text is added to the first line to specify that either the client is to exit, or just stop retrieving new jobs.
    The file contains an explanation of it's contents and what text to put on the first line for either choice.
    The file is updated and saved and the next time the client reads it, the client will follow the directive
    and update the file to indicate that the directive was received and is being followed.
    The file will be updated again by the client when the directive is completed.

    A use for requesting that the client stop retrieving new jobs is so that if the client is run with monitoring software
    the monitoring software will not just restart the client when the client exits.  The user can issue the command to
    stop retrieving jobs and when the client has completed all the jobs and updated the file "jobcenter_run_control.txt"
    to indicate that, the user can then issue a command to the monitoring software to stop the client or can stop the
    operating system.



